Xiaofang, how can you think so?
We are all your family
Yes, Xiaofang
All of you are here.
How sad we are when you say that.
Xiaofang, we are going back to our hometown
I'll never see you again
Xiaofang, don't be suspicious
Eat this meal well
Hey Xiaofang
Why are you coughing?
Sister, can I pour you another drink?
Yes, yes, yes.
Ah!
God, I've died again
Ah, how come?
He just took a sip and vomited so much
It should be fine.
But he vomited blood
Xiaofu
He did faint. It's okay.
That would be fine.
Little deer, are you really okay doing this?
What can I do?
Is his home
This house should be ours
Why are you standing there?
Open the contract
Don't record
What do you want?